date: September 21, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [<pkearney>, <jsingh27>, <mrnorton>, <ewyang>, <mjkall>, <xenalin>, <fengyuwu>, <tjquinn>]
absent: [<ubit>,]
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {ubit: <ubit5>, : reason: },
  {ubit: <ubit6>, reason: }
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <pkearney>, progress: find a server to use for app},
  {ubit: <jsingh27>, progress: None},
  {ubit: <mrnorton>, progress: None},
  {ubit: <ewyang>, progress: None},
  {ubit: <mjkall>, progress: None},
  {ubit: <xenalin>, progress: None},
  {ubit: <fengyuwu>, progress: None},
  {ubit: <tjquinn>, progress: Record Minutes,}
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <ubit2>, issue: },
  {ubit: <ubit6>, issue: }
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  -Group started dividing up project into smaller tasks.
  -Collectievly we determined we should start by dividing into front end and back end teams.  
  -Front end: (3)jsingh, tjquinn, fengyuwu. 
  -Back end: (5) pkearney, jsingh27, mrnorton, ewyang, mjkall, xenalin.
  -Meeting with Troy at 5pm today. 
